Time is the greatest killer
Surfin' Afghanistan
Fake it til' you make it
We are here,  We are free
Success is 50% dumb luck, and 50% preparation for that dumb luck.
“wanna know how i know we having sex tonight... cause i’m stronger than you”
Remind me to forget
It was all just a dream
If you can make her laugh and giggle, you can make em' cheeks clap and jiggle!
Politicians are like diapers. They both need changing regularly and for the same reason.
Never test the water with both feet.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
Despite numerous delays and much confusion, I finally peed :slight_smile:
Zwangerschap is geen grap
A person with nothing to lose is the most dangerous person in the world
A person with nothing to lose fights for all he ever had
Wherever you go, there you are
"buy high sell low" -Lowdown69
"Social Media is making our children zombies" -Karen, on Facebook
Today is life, tomorrow never comes
Lost, track, of, time
The world is a series of numbers
Revenge is a dish best served cold
Pressure makes diamonds
This is the strangest life i've ever known
everybody gets it, at a different time
Nard Hipples
In my opinion, the most important thing you will learn in Mathematics is factorising quadratic trinomials.
"Thiccer than a bowl of oatmeal" said a wise man
Because in a split second, it's gone
Empty me in a sigh,  Breathe faster,  Everything tastes too bitter ,  It hurts my mouth,  I'm pure chocolate
Come closer or away from me,  Like something that fades,  I feel it but it's not enough,  I know I hate soft touches,  So stay and let my skin burn you
My mind is like a browser, 27 tabs are open, 9 aren't responding, lots of pop-ups...and where is that annoying music coming from?
We buy things we don't need, with money we don't have, to impress people we don't like.
"An hour sitting with a pretty girl passes like a minute, but a minute sitting on a hot stove seems like an hour. That's relativity.” - Albert Einstein
Het leven is net als Lucille Werner, het kan raar lopen
Verstand op 0,  Frituur op 180
Sometimes the person who you would take a bullet for the the person behind the gun
Tell the boys i'm going offline
Why do all good things come to an end
It is what it is
If you give someone $20 and never see them again, it was probably worth it.
The cost of living is dying
To be, or not to be
failure is just a matter of perspective
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born, and the day you find out why.
I never think of the future - it comes soon enough.
Television is about watching a life instead of having one.
Now wake up.
God must be crazy.
All good things come to those who wait
He, who plays with thoughts, plays with the very matrix of this universe
"I have not failed, I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work" -Me when coding
"I forgot that Shrek has eyebrows" -BigVirusBoi
A dirty mind is a joy for life
look its a chicken, gobble gobble
Ah shit, here we go again
Cice Nock
I'm tired of masturbating, I just want to be loved
*Code doesn't work*, Me: 'Why is this not working?', *Code works*, Me: 'Why is this working?
sapnu puas
"everything is possible" -BigVirusBoi